yeah it's that time of year CES you guys
have had videos up the wazoo in your sub
box for the last few days but you just
didn't have time to watch them all
fortunately people do round ups so here
are the five best intel desktops that
you couldn't see in their dedicated
videos brought to you by intel first up
is the asus strix GL 12 it's a pre built
that's geared for pro gamers and
tournaments it features up to an Intel
Core i7 8700 K and a GTX 1080 an acrylic
side panel that looks pretty darn close
to tempered glass are a sync RGB of
course and the coolest feature a
swappable SSD compartment in the front
you might be thinking who needs that
well it's actually for gaming
tournaments so that organizers can
easily load up the systems with all the
games and settings that they need but if
you're looking for something more
professional and maybe in a smaller form
factor MSI has got you covered with
their new W 25 a workstation in their
incredibly small two and a half liter
case basically everything about it is
undisclosed but we can make some
educated guesses so we know it's got a
Xeon processor so we could say it'll
probably be something with a similar TDP
to the 8700 series chip in the gaming
version and we know it's got an
undisclosed NVIDIA Quadro perhaps volta
based whichever way it ends up it is
awesome to see this much power in such a
small form factor if you're looking for
something small but you want water
cooling well the digital storm spark
might be what you're after
this case is only 4.7 liters in volume
but it has hardline liquid cooling to
keep its internals up to an Intel Core
i7 8700 K and a GTX 1080 cool and boy is
this thing ever sexy other features
include triple m dot to drive mounts
optional custom paint jobs and a 92
millimeter radiator in the top to
dissipate all that heat if you have
space to spare though the Acer predator
Orion 9000 we'll be sure to take up well
a lot of it this thing though can hold
up to a hundred and
eight gigs of DDR four quad-channel RAM
and Intel Core I 918 core processor dual
GTX 10 ADT eyes and then up top a dual
120 millimeter red to keep your CPU cool
the outside complements the bonk doodles
components with full RGB lighting a
headphone holder a DVD drive because why
not and wheels so you can roll up to
your next land party in style but
getting back to smaller things coming in
at just one point two liters you could
actually fit a hundred and twelve of
Intel's haiti's Canyon nooks inside the
orion 9000 this thing features up to an
Intel Core i7 80 809 G with a TDP of a
hundred watts graphics for this thing
are taken care of by a Radeon rx Vega
mgh with 24 compute units and four gigs
of HBM to memory making this little guy
capable of driving a full-fledged VR
experience additionally whether you're
into blowing skulls or not you'll be
taken care of because it's RGB lit and
you can turn it off so thanks once again
to Intel for sponsoring this roundup be
sure to check out our other videos from
CES 2018